Second, bring someone to meet me immediately
Young Master Qing
That Miss Sheng was robbed by the salespeople
Mr. Leslie
You only have three minutes.
If in 3 minutes
We can't get what we want.
Then the fate of Miss Norman
It's Chen Jiang
The documents you sent
I'm all flipped
All played well
So now
Ask Mr. Leslie to take out the gun in your drawer
There's always a bullet that's going to take a life tonight
As for you
Or Miss Norman by my side
You decide.
Ivy
my daughter
Don't close your eyes
just remember
Daddy loves you
Dad don't
But it's useless for you to analyze it.
Will it work?
Yes, Su Master
Our first mission is still under rookie protection
Can ensure your safety
If you come to die, you must never die
Just bet this one
Young Master Shengnuan is in danger
Let go of the little master
Little master, are you alright, little master?
true or false
Go!